## 0.1. Implementation of Boundary Condition

In coastal circulation modeling, it is impotant to achieve different resolutions to simulate . Therefore, it is efficient to employ a regional computational domain, which can reduce the computation cost and increase the mesh resolution of our intreasted areas.

For regional modeling, the numerical scheme should have the capability to 

In RKDG scheme, the most efficient method to apply the boundary condition is to treate the external boundary values as the ghost edge.

| Boundary Condition | Type | Description |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| Clamped | active/passive |  |
| Flather | active/passive | 
| Radiation | passive |
| Radiation + relaxing term | active |
| Relaxing term | active/passive |

## 0.2. Passive Boundary Condition

## 0.3. Propagation of Long Wave at Boundary

This case tests the propagation of long wave in a rectangle open channel.
The lengths of the channle are 20000 m x 500 m, and the computaion domain is $[0, 20000]\times [0, 500]$.
The northern and sourthen boundaries are treated as slip wall boundary condition, and the eastern and western boundries are tested with different boundary conditions (BCs).

### 0.3.1. An Active BC + A Passive BC

The first case simulates long waves propagate into the domain from one side (west boundary) and come out through the other side (east boundary).
The analytical solutions of the long wave are given as

$$
h = \eta cos( kx - \omega t ) + H;
$$ 

$$
u = \eta \sqrt{\frac{g}{H}} cos( kx - \omega t );
$$

where $H = 40$ m, $\eta = 0.2$ m, $\omega = \frac{2 \pi}{T} = \frac{2 \pi}{360}$, and $k = \frac{\omega}{c} = \frac{\omega}{\sqrt{gH}}$. This functions are derived from the linear SWE and descripe the long wave propagating eastwards with a period of 6 minutes. 
The wave takes about 1000 s to propagate through the channel. 
A uniform quadrilateral mesh with 100 x 2 elements is used in the simulation. The order of basis functions are restricted to $p = 1, 2, 3$.
As the solutions are smooth, the slope limiter is absent in this problem.
Details can be found in Carter and Merrifield (2007, Ocean Modelling).

### 0.3.2. Clamped BC + Clamped BC

In the first condition, we apply the clamped BC at both eastern and weastern boundries. 
In clamped BC, the external field $\mathbf{U}^{ext}$ are set as $\mathbf{U}^-$ directly.
Five gauge points, $xg = [0, 5000, 10000, 15000, 20000]$, are selected to compare the numerical results with the exact solutions.

Firstly, we compare the numerical results of $p=1$ order basis functions with the exact solutions.
It can be seen that near the inflow BC, the numerical results give very good agreements with the exact solutions. However, near the outflow BC, the deviations between the numerical wave and the exact solutions are observed. This is probably because that the external solutions do not math with the numerical results at the eastern BC, and reflections are generated by the clamped BC at the passive boundary.
The situation may become evern worse with a longer channel.

Then we compare the numerical results with different orders of basis functions. Table 1 and 2 illustrate the numerical solutions of the wave amplitudes and periods at 5 gauge points. The periods and amplitudes are almost the same with the exact values. However, slightly difference can still be observed, where the high order solutions provide much more accurate results than the low order solutions.
This also demonstrate the advantages of applying the high order scheme for tidal modelling.

| p | $\eta_1$ | $\eta_2$ | $\eta_3$ | $\eta_4$ | $\eta_5$ | 
| :--- | :--- | :--- | :--- | :--- | :--- | :--- | 
| 1 | 2.063e-02 | 1.986e-02 | 1.972e-02 | 1.959e-02 | 1.944e-02 |
| 2 | 2.000e-02 | 2.000e-02 | 1.997e-02 | 1.996e-02 | 1.992e-02 |
| 3 | 2.000e-02 | 2.000e-02 | 1.997e-02 | 1.997e-02 | 1.992e-02 |

| p | $T_1$ | $T_2$ | $T_3$ | $T_4$ | $T_5$ |
| :--- | :--- | :--- | :--- | :--- | :--- |
| 1 | 3.600e02 | 3.600e02 | 3.600e02 | 3.600e02 | 3.600e02 | 
| 2 | 3.599e02 | 3.599e02 | 3.599e02 | 3.599e02 | 3.599e02 |
| 3 | 3.600e02 | 3.600e02 | 3.600e02 | 3.600e02 | 3.600e02 | 

### 0.3.3. Clamped BC + Linear Flather BC

In this condition, we replace clamped BC to the Flather BC as the western boudanry condition.
Nearly the same results are obtained with the two clamped BC in the first condition.

### 0.3.4. Clamped BC + Nonlinear Flather BC

### 0.3.5. Linear Flather BC + Linear Flather BC

## 0.4. Boundary Condition Tests

### 0.4.1. Clamped BC

## 0.5. Reference
[1] Carter GS, Merrifield MA. Open boundary conditions for regional tidal simulations. Ocean Modelling 2007;18:194–209. doi:10.1016/j.ocemod.2007.04.003.